feat: add MCP doctor command (#172)
wevm/incur: .changeset/mcp-doctor.md

---
"incur": minor
---

> Add an `mcp doctor` command that smoke-tests MCP initialization and tool listing without calling tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `mcp doctor` command that smoke-tests MCP initialization and tool listing without calling tools.
```
